hi I'm Tony hands come from AVG
Technologies today I'd like to give you
a really quick introduction to the new
version of AVG cleaner and here it is
yeah this is the new AVG cleaner take
the cleaner and wipe your device clean
on a more serious note actually let's
take a look at the app I'm going to go
to the Google Play Store and I'm going
to search for AVG and here is AVG
cleaner from memory and storage so we're
going to install this app click on the
install there's a list of access
privileges the app is after I'm going to
accept those you should review those and
make sure you're happy it's downloading
the app and the app is installed now I
can open the app directly here from the
Play Store which I'm going to do and as
you can see ivg cleaner is starting now
the first thing we've got to do is that
we're agreeing to the license terms and
conditions I already know what they are
you should review them if needs be and
I'm going to continue there is a feature
in the AVG cleaner that's just been
added which is called battery profiles
battery profiles allows you to set
different profiles depending upon where
you are we look at that in a moment but
it's offering me this screen to start
that I'm going to say continue so we can
use the product and actually take a look
at what profiles does so as you can see
on the screen we've got four main
elements here we've got cache history
upon installer and battery I'm going to
click on cache first now what cache
means is lots of different applications
create temporary files on your machine
on your device whether it's a temporary
map folder or whether it's a temporary
photograph in social media networks or
you know browsing pages it speeds up the
use of that app and what happens is they
take up a space on your machine and by
clicking on cache I can see which apps
are taking up what space so you can see
for example Google Play Store is taking
up two point three six megabytes of my
cache here and Google+ Maps etc and you
can scroll down and look at how much
space the different apps are using I can
choose to delete just the cache for one
of these apps by clicking on it
and in here I can clear the cache for
that specific app or I can just take the
view actually I want to clean all of the
cache and click this button here it's
removing all the cache for all the
different apps I have installed and I've
gained six point seven megabytes and it
should speed up by the usage of my
device now back here some of the other
things I've got here is history
different apps again create log files
browsing history and all those types of
things and again I can make a conscious
decision I can clean all the history or
I can go through see what it is creating
the history and select what parts of the
history I want to remove so if I clean
all of my history
I've saved thirteen point four six
megabytes of downloaded history cleaned
off my device so again making my device
cleaner faster and performing better the
other two things in here I've got a pond
installer super important this one you
can look at apps by the storage usage or
I can choose to move that and look for
example I can look at data usage if
you're on a on a tariff that doesn't
have unlimited data then this is how
you'd actually see what data each half
is using and make decisions on whether
you know you want to keep that app or or
continue running it or maybe just adjust
the configuration of the app I can also
look at battery usage against super
important if you're traveling and I can
see which apps are using the most
battery my devices is fairly out of the
box so as you can see only the apps that
I'm testing with and showing you show up
in that screen there but you can see the
other apps are using some of the battery
as well and I can make decisions to
uninstall so for example if I wanted to
uninstall an app from here yeah I can
just click on the app let me uninstall
file explorer and it's asking me to
confirm and the app is gone
so all done from within AVG cleaner
making it super simple to to keep your
device up-to-date
if I go back and look at the last
feature here battery the new super
feature here is profiles no if you can
imagine you're sitting in your car when
you're in your car the only thing you
probably need turned on on your device
actually is Bluetooth yeah I don't need
any mobile dataxe I can't read email in
my car I shouldn't be doing things in my
car but I need Bluetooth for it to sync
with my car speakers and microphone so
that I can operate hands-free when I'm
at home actually I want it to switch off
mobile data and only use my Wi-Fi so I
want different profiles depending upon
where I am we can set profiles here and
we can set parameters around how the
phone chooses which profile said for
example when the phone sees my home
Wi-Fi network it will automatically
switch to this profile and switch off
for example mobile data or when I get in
my car the phone will automatically see
the pairing of my Bluetooth device and
switch off mobile data and switch off
Wi-Fi thus saving me battery power
giving me lots and lots more battery
life on the device so this will save you
valuable battery life I can also
optimize individual features so for
example if I am on the move yeah I can
actually see by turning off Wi-Fi what
I'm gonna gain back in my battery life
so for example my battery is fairly low
on this device at the moment I've only
got 20% battery I know that actually by
turning off mobile data is going to gain
me 11 minutes if I turn off Wi-Fi it's
going to gave me 7 minutes yeah on a
device that's got limited battery life
left in it like this one we're using
right now actually that could be super
valuable it could be enough just to get
you home or last the evening out I can
also adjust the brightness of the device
etc and I can look at the different
settings here and make decisions on
which ones I want on or which ones I
want off so for example screen rotation
yeah
something you might not need on if
you're you're trying to save those vital
last minutes of battery life I'd
recommend trying the battery profiles
awesome a couple of features in here
very very intuitive to set up the
configuration you want based on where
your
and what you're doing at the time hope
you enjoy a VG cleaner that's it
installed and working this was an AVG
academy video and we look forward to
seeing you next time